Split .NET CLI command into their own box (#413)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/fundamentals/setup-tooling.md

   :::image type="content" source="../media/install-aspire-workload-visual-studio.png" lightbox="../media/install-aspire-workload-visual-studio.png" alt-text="A screenshot showing how to install the .NET Aspire workload with the Visual Studio installer.":::

> 1. To ensure that you install the latest version of the .NET Aspire workload, it's best to use the following [dotnet workload update](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-workload-update) command before you install .NET Aspire:

Reviewer: suggest active voice:

```suggestion
1. To ensure that you install the latest version of the .NET Aspire workload, run the following [dotnet workload update](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-workload-update) command before you install .NET Aspire:
```
